System Architecture:
    The Calendar Parser Without a Cool Acronym is composed of three main classes, arranged according to an Abstract Factory/Model View Controller pattern. In calling order, these are: the mainWindow class, the Reader Class, and the Assignment Class.

Major Classes:
    The mainWindow class is primarily an organizer for the tkinter gui elements, but it also acts as the view in our MVC perspective, and the Abstract Factory. Its primary methods, aside from the GUI elements described above, are:
        APIin - Looks for the iCal URL and Google Spreadsheet ID and calls the connection window if they’re not found. Once it has the needed information, it creates a Reader object.
        iniBot - Given a command, an ini file, and a value to look for, this method reads or writes values to it. Used to manipulate settings.ini, and is called primarily by syncSettings.
        syncSettings - Calls iniBot on all setting variables, passing it the given command argument.
        alarm - Creates an alarm popup using information passed from Reader.alert
        customize - Will be used by the customization window to format the user’s formatting choices in a way Google’s API methods can understand.
        datecheck - Responsible for calling each Assignment’s upDate function, telling it to update its daysLeft attribute. If the alarm is enabled, it also calls each Assignment’s alert() function.
        daily_check - Updates the globals.today variable, then calls datecheck.
        on_thres_change - Watches daysUntil (A tkinter string variable tracking the user’s input to the alarm threshold field), and updates globals.threshold when it changes.
        sync - Primarily calls the Reader object’s sync method (in a worker thread, so as not to freeze the window). Also calls syncSettings. 
    The Reader class is the interface between the iCal file and the Google Spreadsheet. It creates Assignment objects and keeps track of them in a master list attribute. 
        _import - Downloads the iCal file
        append_to_sheet - Takes in an Assignment object and appends it to the end of the sheet. Mostly a wrapper function to be called by compare()
        update_sheet - Takes in an Assignment object and updates the row in the spreadsheet with a matching UID. Mostly a wrapper function to be called by compare()
        export - Calls readToEnd(), and then calls compare() twice- one to check for matches between the list returned by readToEnd and the master list, and one to check for the absence of a match. Assignments with a match are passed to update_sheet(), ones without are passed to append_to_sheet().
        add_from_sheet - Takes in an Assignment object generated by readToEnd(), and appends it to the masterlist. Only called by compare()
        sync - Calls readToEnd() to get all data from the current spreadsheet. It then calls compare() to trigger add_from_sheet() when something is found in the spreadsheet that isn’t in the master list. This typically happens when the program is restarted, and the master list must be repopulated from the spreadsheet.
        readToEnd - Iterates through the spreadsheet from the end of the headers until it hits a blank row. For every row, it creates an Assignment object and appends it to a list. Once all data has been read, it returns that list.
        compare - Takes in two lists, an attribute to compare from each list, a desired outcome, and a function to call. This function is used to compare the spreadsheet and master list in various scenarios, and call one of the *_sheet functions above
        deDuplicate - In case of assignments with multiple due dates, and thus multiple entries in the iCal file. It keeps the latest x of them according to a user defined variable, and deletes the rest from the master list.
        parse - Takes in the iCal file, parsing it line by line and looking for key headers like BEGIN:VEVENT, DTSTART or SUMMARY. Once BEGIN:VEVENT is found, it finds the remaining values and, crucially, splits the summary into the class name and assignment name. It also attempts to extract the unique ID from the assignment URL. If any of these values (Assignment Name, Date, UID), the creation of an Assignment object is aborted. Every Assignment object is checked against the master list, and appended if it isn’t already in it. The last thing parse does is call deDuplicate().
    The Assignment Class is the internal representation of an assignment. It has a unique identifier, a name, a course, a dueDate, and an internal tracker of the daysLeft until that dueDate. It has only two methods:
        alert - If daysLeft is within +- x days (a user defined variable stored as globals.threshold), this method returns Assignment.name and Assignment.daysLeft. Called by the gui’s datecheck method.
        upDate - This method subtracts its enclosing class’s dueDate from globals.today to get a new daysLeft.

Design Decisions:
    This project was originally designed as an abstract factory pattern. The gui functions as the abstract factory, creating the Reader object. The Reader object then creates Assignment objects as needed. However, the Model View Controller pattern also fits given the responsibilities of the GUI in practice (Calling upDate, handling settings files, etc). This would counterintuitively make the GUI the Controller, with the Reader as the View, collating and returning the Models of assignments.

Things Learned:
    The easiest way to work with Canvas and its calendar was to pull from its built in ical file. Logging in was not necessary as long as the user can copy and paste in the shareable link. Canvas/Instructure have very detailed documentation making it easy to work with. Google was not the same. While tkinter buttons are customizable, they are not as customizable visually as we hoped. 

Challenges Faced:
    Google API was not easy to work with or to find information on. There were issues with credential files working with Google as well. Python versions sometimes conflicted with our goals. There were also issues between things working on Windows and not macOS usually due to Python versions.  
 
Future Improvements:
    Future customization options for the spreadsheet would be a good addition. More settings for alerts (such as an option for a silent notification) would be appreciated by some users. Visually updating the program to look nice would also be a goal. 